Clarify prerequisites for Windows Container Workloads (#39585)
openshift/openshift-docs: windows_containers/enabling-windows-container-workloads.adoc

* You have installed the OpenShift CLI (`oc`).

> * You have installed your cluster using installer-provisioned infrastructure, or using user-provisioned infrastructure with a `platform: none` setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You have installed your cluster using installer-provisioned infrastructure, or using user-provisioned infrastructure with the `platform: none` field set in your `install-config.yaml` file.
```
